You guys welcome back.
So we have our icons we actually start adding these burns to our now.
Bar So go back to our indexed our BHB and inside the Now Playing centre.
Because remember this is our centre of the burns are going to go.
Just dear.
Press tab.
And it's going to have the class of content make sure that's not I.D. It is classic.
Not I.D. class.
And we're going to be a second class code player controls so this defers to classes content and player
controls and this content class and the style that comes with it is going to be applied in the deaves
that we put inside these two sections later on.
So this idea has two classes content and player controls.
So there's contact lacerda have as one style.
And I know those off top my head's discourteous style but yes yes we may as well add that while we're
here and just do now.
Playing far dark content so the idea of not playing bar and the content class within it and just pome
with one hundred per cent that's all the sigga have and this the reason we are doing that is because
we want this this bar down here to span across the whole width of the centre container.
So just put that in there for now that you won't see much about that at the moment but just put it there
for now save your job going forward and then back in index or BHB create some more space there and do
div.
And this is going to have the class Button's class he calls buttons like that.
And then inside and this is actually where the birds are going to go.
So we just put a button there to test it out for an hour just areti sees something just for helo or
something and they're just saying see it actually happen to save that and go back to your page refresher
and issue the helo burn there inside the centre div and where this style of the burns.
Now so inspect element go to the burns div here and then really give this style of margin.
It's going to be zero on the top.
An auto on the left and right in you'll see what that means in a minute.
Yes a display table.
They go so the display table makes has behave like a table tag.
If you haven't used table out before they're pretty useful.
And this would be quite long.
We do go into that now.
So I recommend you look it up and now do seem to toro's on that or just send ask me a question the Q
and essentially macnabb explain things a bit better.
But for the purpose of keeping the video sure I won't go into details about the table tag now and going
back to the margin part.
You see that the auto gives it an automatic margin on the left and right.
So we have zero on top automatic on the left and right.
And there was mattick margin as it centres it pretty much set automatically sent it and applied a margin
based on the width of the container.
Okay.
And that's it's a copy of pesos Lyons copier and going to put it in the SS file at the bottom three
and new Select player controls space buttons like that and remember the player controls div is this
one we created here.
So Blair controls burns and is good to have that margin auto right there.
Okay we're finally onto the buttons now.
So we're not going use hello anymore for the burns.
We actually add the images we want.
So get rid of hello there.
Get rid of an actual space below and inside the burn.
We're going to do an image tax.
I mge press tab and siac is the link to the image and you were the relative You are L to the file.
So our image we use I should say icon is asit slash images slash icons slash sure full of PRNG is give
me the shuffle button and that comes from RC Its images icons.
Shuffle up in G.
Peer shuffled up in G as I am using again.
So if I refresh the page I'm sorry I look very good but I should hopefully see the outline.
So give this burn a class of control button and this control burn class is going to be present on all
of our burns but were going to give it a second class of shuffle and this shuffle class began to be
used for the javascript later on right.
So for now just put it away.
Like I said before and some things you won't see much about that now but later on looking to use this
when we use a javascript to handle the bow and presses.
Okay so a title is going to be shuffle but turn like that.
Again the title is when you hover over itself.
I go back to here now and refresh the page you see because of that title to be used see when a hover
over it appears and actually have spokes for wrong so go in at that f there.
And then last thing on the image tab.
Just do it out like that.
All of course means alternate and just put a shuffle in there and what that means is if for some reason
this image can't be found is going to add the should word shuffle.
For example if I change that to S So this is wrong now.
So the image won't be found.
You'll see.
Adds shovel.
It just lets this burn still be useful.
If the if the image can't be found so I'll change this back back to the correct image.
Now save that and go back to was.
Right now we're just style this burn to make it look a bit better so inspect Ellen on and on the burn.
And then we can say background colour.
It's going be transparent.
Don't wear background colour there.
We only want the icon there border is going to be known.
Get rid of that.
And then vertical a line middle.
You only really see which about that number when we start adding all the best together you see wide
vertical line middle as needed.
So Copy that.
Go back to see us as file and just do control like that.
They're so controlled burn.
And if you wanted to you could do a more descriptive one so you could just do like burns job.
And but during matter that would be fine and just make sure that we observe our frezza age they go.
So we still have it.
And the last thing to do is just to make it smaller.
So on the image measure it actually is not this burn here on the image.
To wit 20 peaks and emken to say height 20 P X right.
And that is it.
So copy and paste those two.
And then underneath control burn would disco do control.
But again but this one has an image.
They're going so controlled burn energy within high 20.
Flatow page and make sure it's still there.
And it is.
So there's our shuffle burn.
OK.
Didn't do anything.
Moment of course.
But now when we had the others copy paste those lines.
So we are one two three four five Burns there so I'll copy and paste.
Make sure it appears five times so.
One two three four five they're around.
So we have previous burn the place burn the next and then the repeat burn.
Okay.
Now you just checked the names.
We have previews next.
Play.
And then just repeat case change these names so we have.
This was the previous play next.
Repeat like that and then change these classes here also.
So it can be previous play.
Next a repeat like that and then change the changes to previous never it.
The title is what when you hover over the edge what the text says.
Play next and then repeat like that.
Save that and then oh actually you need to do that to me.
It will still work without it but imagine what I do here hear previous play next.
Next.
And repeat like that.
Save that.
Now we should see all five burns on there.
And there we go.
Perfect.
But Reggie can add one more burden to that to show by the play burn.
Copy and paste the play button.
It's going to be.
Pause So it changes to pause this again pause in this moment.
He pauses.
Well we have in an hour called porth or PFG and you see when I refresh their page now easy the pause
button added there but then we're going to make sure that this at the moment this by default is set
to display.
None.
So style equals display none.
And style if you haven't seen this before is just a way of adding style to elements in line in what
inline means is just there without using a C Ss file again.
So style.
And then you'll see that disappears.
And the reason we did that is because we were in a shop start by hiding this.
So when they refresh the page the sun won't be playing so hard the boys burn and when they press play.
Eventually we'll hide the play button and show the pause button instead.
So when pressed play it changes to a pause button when they pause it.
Change to Labour Day.
So your shows your Harv's the burned depending what they want you use asset.
We have albums now.
There are some slight changes to do.
I can see some slight differences but we'll get to those soon.